I am a soldier loner in the Israeli army I
serving in the one hundred and first battalion
air force mine three years ago
come from Russia and serve now in
army of israel defense in combat brigade
golan you came from russia from moscow
I had the choice to go for a year and a half or
go for three years I decided to do the full
service because i think that if u
serve in the army so serve as it should
when I came here I asked
participation in the selection for the service
air force
this is my choice i decide myself what i am
make life guys come leave
everyone is going to serve
truly honest how we can
how our fathers served
about a year ago I called my
good friend and asked me
if i have permanent housing if i
Equipped in this regard I told you that
real housing me especially not
satisfied and he offered me participation in
a project for solitary soldiers who
serve as combat units of the Israeli army
called warm home essence we
are the pioneers of this
the program that is the first participants
we have a tel aviv apartment there
did they give us a three-room
apartment in the north of tel aviv in 5
minutes walk from the sea is very important
very convenient because when we
returning from the army do not have to think
where we go is in the pocket of keys
at home I come here on Shabbat and and always
we are waiting for us hot delicious food is not
name is yana i did and
and I came from New York every week I
come here to the soldiers and cook on
Shabbat I hope that there is delicious food
Olivier on the table feel your mom there
nicely
of course, after three weeks and difficult
army weekdays
it's very nice to return to warm
wonderful home waiting for you hot
hot lunch cooked shabbat then
there is no need to worry about it
I think in advance that this project
makes life easier for children and helps them
really feel in israel
yourself at home
we have a big good boy 1st
apartment in jerusalem in good area
the funny thing is that once lived in it
british general and now we are simple
sergeants
Israeli army existence such
programs that appeared relatively
she just makes you just proud
for the Russian-speaking aryu
the fact that we often know that the American
Aliyu support Turkish some more
and here finally there were people
who see what we do appreciate
loner soldiers repatriated to
israel alone
without family and on their own
recruited into elite combat troops
country defense armies
Despite all the difficulties of these young
guys and girls make an invaluable contribution
security of israel and all the jews of the world
each of us helping them is holy
business does not deserve the respect of the army
defense of israel and every jew in
Israel and the Diaspora